Add two public facing cloud docs (#1328)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/cloud/first-steps.md

# Prefect Cloud: First Steps

Welcome to Prefect Cloud! Now that you have an account, this guide will help you orient yourself and understand the minor adjustments required to deploy your Flows to Cloud.

## Prefect Agent

_Documentation Coming Soon!_

## Create a Project

> Before you can interact with Prefect Cloud you need to be able to authenticate with Prefect Cloud's API.  To do so, visit the Cloud UI and retrieve an Authorization Token from the upper right hand corner menu.  Either follow the instructions from the UI, or use [Prefect's CLI](http://localhost:8081/guide/cloud_concepts/cli.html#auth) to persist your token locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you can interact with Prefect Cloud you need to be able to authenticate with Prefect Cloud's API.  To do so, visit the Cloud UI and retrieve an Authorization Token from the upper right hand corner menu.  Either follow the instructions from the UI, or use [Prefect's CLI](https://docs.prefect.io/guide/cloud_concepts/cli.html#auth) to persist your token locally.
```
